New in July (#2090)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/resources/new_in_doc.md

This page contains recent highlights and notable changes in Ibexa DXP documentation.

## July 2023

### v4.5.1

- [v4.5.1 release notes](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/release_notes/ibexa_dxp_v4.5/#v451)

### New home page

- Redesigned [home page for the developer documentation](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/)

### Getting started

> - New cautions in [Install on Ibexa Cloud](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/getting_started/install_on_ibexa_cloud/) about using `cloud.ibexa.co` instead of and not `platform.sh`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New cautions in [Install on Ibexa Cloud](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/getting_started/install_on_ibexa_cloud/#2-create-an-account) about using `cloud.ibexa.co` instead of `platform.sh`
```

### Content management

- New Page block [Ibexa Connect scenario block](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/content_management/pages/ibexa_connect_scenario_block/)
- Updated [Create custom Page blocks](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/content_management/pages/create_custom_page_block/#add-block-javascript)

### Customer Portal

- Updated [Creating a Customer Portal](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/customer_management/cp_page_builder/)

> - Updated [Create and edit Customer Portal](https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/userguide/en/master/customer_management/build_customer_portal/) in user documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
In this PR only one sentence was removed, I would skip it.

This page contains recent highlights and notable changes in Ibexa DXP documentation.

## July 2023

### v4.5.1

- [v4.5.1 release notes](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/release_notes/ibexa_dxp_v4.5/#v451)

> ### New landing page

Reviewer 2: I'm agree with Vale on this one.
```suggestion
### New Landing Page
```

> ### New landing page

Reviewer 2: Maybe we shouldn't use "landing page" to avoid confusion with the DXP feature.
```suggestion
### New home page
```

> - Redesigned [landing page for the Developer Documentation](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Redesigned [home page for the Developer Documentation](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/)
```

### Getting started

> - New cautions in [Install on Ibexa Cloud](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/getting_started/install_on_ibexa_cloud/)

Reviewer 2: Could be a bit more detailed to find what have been added.

```suggestion
- New cautious instructions in [Install on Ibexa Cloud](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/getting_started/install_on_ibexa_cloud/) about using cloud.ibexa.co and not platform.sh.
```

### Content management

- New Page block [Ibexa Connect scenario block](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/content_management/pages/ibexa_connect_scenario_block/)

> - Updated [Create custom Page blocks](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/content_management/pages/create_custom_page_block/#add-block-javascript) when you create custom Page blocks

Reviewer 2: I would avoid "create custom Page blocks" repetition by detailing what have been added:

```suggestion
- Updated [Create custom Page blocks](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/content_management/pages/create_custom_page_block/#add-block-javascript) about JavaScript addition to your custom Page blocks
```

### Customer Portal

- Updated [Creating a Customer Portal](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/customer_management/cp_page_builder/)
- Updated [Create and edit Customer Portal](https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/userguide/en/master/customer_management/build_customer_portal/) in user documentation

### Personalization

- [Multiple attributes in submodel computation](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/personalization/api_reference/recommendation_api/#submodel-parameters)
- [Multiple attributes in submodel computation](https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/userguide/en/master/personalization/recommendation_models/#submodels) in user documentation

### PIM

- Updated [Enable purchasing products](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/pim/enable_purchasing_products/#region-and-currency)
- [Virtual products](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/pim/products/#product-types)
- [Virtual products in user documentation](https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/userguide/en/master/pim/create_virtual_product/)
- [Work with product attributes](https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/userguide/en/master/pim/work_with_product_attributes/) in user documentation

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 
> 
> ### REST API
> - Added example of input payload in JSON format for [ContentTypeCreate in REST API reference](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html#managing-content-create-content-type)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

### REST API

- Added example of input payload in JSON format for [ContentTypeCreate in REST API reference](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html#managing-content-create-content-type)
```
